# VIhanceD: 
## Video Super Resolution for an Improved Viewing Experience in Areas With Limited Internet Bandwidth
### Introduction
Video Super Resolution (VSR) is a technique for generating high-resolution video from low-resolution video. It is one of the challenging problems of computer vision, which has applications in various domains, ranging from medical image processing, remote sensing, improved surveillance from UAVs, and high-definition televisions. VSR can be considered an extension of Single Image Super Resolution (SISR) because a video is a collection of frames with a temporal relationship. While SISR algorithms can be applied to videos to obtain super-resolved frames, they can sometimes result in unwanted artifacts and unwanted temporal incoherence between the frames. This compels VSR algorithms to incorporate the temporal relationship between the frames to improve outcomes. 
### Motivation
Increasing consumption of multimedia over the internet by people for entertainment, education, and information has elevated the requirement for high-resolution video content for an improved experience. Downloading data from the servers comes with its own merits and limitations. With the increasing quality of content over the internet, a void has been created between the various sections of society that have low internet bandwidth in terms of daily tariffs and internet speeds, with the increasing popularity of deep learning techniques for image generation, pixel estimation, and frame interpolation. 
Various VSR techniques developed so far have high computational requirements and are computationally expensive with high inference times. This restricts the use of existing VSR techniques for edge devices. The existing super-resolution techniques are focused on deep neural networks such as Convolution Neural Networks (CNN), Generative Adversarial networks (GANs), and Recurrent Neural networks (RNN). While working with the videos, the DNN architectures focus on learning inter-frame alignment, feature extraction, and fusion, frame reconstruction. A large number of Low Resolution (LR) and High Resolution (HR) frames are employed to reconstruct a similar HR frame from the input LR frame following the Deep Learning Pipeline. 
Video streaming platforms like Netflix, YouTube, Vimeo, etc., employ video Compression algorithms to store videos uploaded by users in various resolutions and codecs. The videos are downloaded from the streaming and hosting platform servers based on the user's hardware and Internet speed. 
